How want you to find out as soon as possible?
Freya, what are you doing, era?
I think I came to see you.
Are you drunk?
You and my drink.
I am drunk, and you will learn.
And really, you can make me drunk.
You're barely wearing anything.
You're going to catch a cold.
Where's your father?
Don't push me away.
We grew up together.
I should be the one that cares for you, and I understand you the most.
Then tell me, where did you put the file about him or that Ben gave you?
And when were you planning to tell me about that?
I've been so busy getting your headache medicine from my dad.
The files are my bedside table.
I was planning to give them to you when you finished your work.
Where were you when Erica was at the pier that day?
I was with my dad the whole time.
He was working for you that day.
I even made him his favorite meal.
You can check the security feed if you don't believe me.
Oh, I can do anything for you.
Please start doubt me.
I love you so much.
Stop saying that.
I never liked you like that.
And since you've seen the files, you know that Erica is Emma.
I will only ever love her.
I will overlook your misgivings because of your father, but there will be no next time.
Stay away from Erica.
If you ever tried to hurt her again, I'll finish you myself.
That woman's fault.
She took Owen's heart.
I'm going to kill her.